Leukemia: The Leukemia Survival Data
The dataset contains 1498 patients recorded at the M. D. Anderson Cancer Center between 1980 and 1996. The dataset used in our analysis contains 411 patients who are aged below 60 from 24 administrative districts recorded at the M.D Anderson Cancer Center between 1980 and 1996. The data collected information on the survival time for acute myeloid leukemia and prognostic factors, including age, sex, white blood cell count (wbc) at diagnosis, and the townsend score (tpi) for which higher values indicate less affluent areas. The censoring rate is 29.2%. The response variable of interest is the survival time in days, which is the time from entry to the study or death.

drs: Diabetic Retinopathy Study (DRS)
The dataset used for this illustration is from the diabetic retinopathy study that followed 1742 patients with diabetic retinopathy in both eyes. One randomly selected eye in each patient was treated and the other was untreated. The study was initiated in 1971 and followed over several years for the occurrence of blindness in their two eyes. The study collected data on the time to blindness for diabetic retinopathy and prognostic factors, including the treatment for which one randomly selected eye in each patient, how the age at onset of diabetes affects the outcome, the type of laser used for treatment, and the type of diabetes. More descriptions of these variables can be found in. In our analysis, we selected 197 patients with 394 observations, which were previously analyzed by various authors. Each patient is considered a cluster due to the frailty shared between the two eyes. The censoring rate is 60.66% and is caused by death, dropout, or end of the study. The outcome of interest is the time to blindness in months. 


kidney: Kidney catheter data
The dataset consists of 38 kidney patients using a portable dialysis machine, and the times of the first and second recurrences of the kidney infection are recorded for these patients. Each survival time is defined as the time until infection since the insertion of the catheter. The same patient is considered as a cluster because of shared frailty describing the common patient’s effect. If a catheter is removed for reasons other than infection, the observation is considered censored. The censoring percentage is 24%. The dataset contains 38 patients (cluster), and each patient has exactly two observations, with a total sample size of 76. This data has often been used to illustrate a shared frailty model.

Breast Cancer Data:
A cohort study of breast cancer in a large number of hospitals was carried out by the German Breast Cancer Study Group to compare three cycles of chemotherapy with six cycles and also to investigate the effect of additional hormonal treatment consisting of a daily dose of 30 mg of tamoxifen over two years. The patients in the study had primary histologically proven non-metastatic node-positive breast cancer who had been treated with mastectomy. The dataset is consolidated from 41 centres with a total of 686 patients. The censoring rate is 56.5\%. The response variable of interest is the recurrence-free time, which is the time from entry to the study until a recurrence of cancer or death.

